Enh/read the doc (#74)
INT-NIT/AnDO: docs/source/index.rst

April 2021

The Animal Data Organization (AnDO) is a project initiated at the Institut de Neurosciences de la Timone, in Marseille, France, in order to set up a standardization of the experimental data recorded in animal models. Since its launch in early 2020, its aims have significantly evolved following these axes:

 - first, we have opened our desire for standardization to the community through the launch of a Working Group endorsed by the INCF; please feel free to join the group to participate in this effort: https://www.incf.org/sig/incf-working-group-standardized-data ; we are meeting approximately every two months and we are making progress in subgroups on well defined issues between each meeting;

 - second, after discussions within the group, we have initiated a specific standardization effort for electrophysiology, as a BIDS Extension Proposal (BEP032: https://bids.neuroimaging.io/get_involved.html ); we are actively looking for feedback from the community on this proposal, so feel free to directly comment in the document that details the data and metadata organization: http://bit.ly/BIDS-animal-ephys.

> At this moment, this repository provides several tools, amongst which a validator (:ref:`the AnDOChecker <to_checker>`) which complies to the latest specifications described in the BEP032 document (note that this validator is a temporary tool, until this BEP is merged to be officially included in BIDS; at that time, the official BIDSValidator will replace the AnDOChecker). We are committed to keeping these tools up to date to follow the modifications of the BEP032 that will occur to cope with the feedback from the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this moment, this repository provides several tools, amongst them a validator (:ref:`the AnDOChecker <to_checker>`) and generator functions for user-friendly setup of an AnDO structure. The validator complies with the latest specifications described in the BEP032 document. Please note that this validator is a temporary tool and to be used until BEP032 is officially included in BIDS. From then on the official BIDS validator will replace the AnDOChecker. We are committed to keeping the AnDO tools up to date to follow the latest modifications of the BEP032 that will occur to cope with the feedback from the community.
```

Welcome to the AnDO project
===========================

March 2021

The Animal Data Organization (AnDO) is a project initiated at the Institut de Neurosciences de la Timone, in Marseille, France, in order to set up a standardization of the experimental data recorded in animal models. Since its launch in early 2020, its aims have significantly evolve following these axes:

 - first, we have opened our desire for standardization to the community through the launch of a Working Group endorsed by the INCF; please feel free to join the group to participate in this effort: https://www.incf.org/sig/incf-working-group-standardized-data ; we are meeting approximately every two months and we are making progress in subgroups on well defined issues between each meeting;

 - secondly, after discussions within the group, we have initiated a specific standardization effort for electrophysiology, as a BIDS Extension Proposal (BEP32: https://bids.neuroimaging.io/get_involved.html ); we are actively looking for feedback from the community on this proposal, so feel free to directly comment in the document that details the data and metadata organization: http://bit.ly/BIDS-animal-ephys.

> At this moment, this repository provides several tools, amongst which a validator (the AnDOChecker) which complies to the latest specifications described in the BEP32 document. We are committed to 

Reviewer: @Slowblitz I think you forgot to add some text here... the last sentence is incomplete.

Reviewer 2: I think it's my text, ahah ;)

Author: @JuliaSprenger This is @SylvainTakerkart 's commit so ...

Reviewer 2: > @JuliaSprenger This is @SylvainTakerkart 's commit so ...

yep, but @Slowblitz , if you see that there's something like this, you should let me know about it ;)

Example of an AnDO Repository
--------------------------

> .. image:: _static/examples.png

Reviewer: the current example image still has invalid underscores in the session folder label. It should read `ses-20200102` without the trailing `_001_land` as the session label is now allowed to contain non-alphanumeric characters like underscores.
Also the file `exp-name` file is not part of AnDO.
